doc/README.md, before:

# Table of Contents--mātricks user's guide
_This document was automatically generated by doc/Makefile_

1. [Vector declaration](vdeclaration.md)
1. [Vector assigment](vassignment.md)
1. [The `range` function](range.md)
1. [The `linspace` function](linspace.md)
1. [Element-wise Vector math](velmath.md)
1. [Applying User-defined functions](vapply.md)
1. [Complex-valued Vectors](vcomplex.md)
1. [Vector functions that return a scalar (dot product, sum, min, max etc)](vscalarout.md)
1. [Vector relational operators (`==`,`<`,`>`, etc), masks, logical operators (`!`,`&&`,etc) and logical functions (`alltrue`,`anytrue`,`numtrue`,`findtrue`)](vrelational.md)
1. [Access subsets of Vector elements](vsubsets.md)
1. [Vector join operator `(v1,v2)` and `rep` function](vconcatrep.md)
1. [python-like access: negative indices & slices](vslices.md)
1. [Methods `Vector.sort()`, `Vector.uniq()`, `Vector.quniq()`  ](vsort.md)
1. [Vector (pretty) printing](vprint.md)
1. [Vector file I/O](vfile.md)
1. [Vector Debugging (`MEBUG=1`)](vdebug.md)
1. [under the hood—`Vector` definition](vdefinition.md)

Commit message:

added Taylor series doc. rebuilt all docs

doc/README.md, after:

# Table of Contents--mātricks user's guide
_This document was automatically generated by doc/Makefile_

1. [Vector declaration](vdeclaration.md)
1. [Vector assigment](vassignment.md)
1. [The `range` function](range.md)
1. [The `linspace` function](linspace.md)
1. [Element-wise Vector math](velmath.md)
1. [Applying User-defined functions](vapply.md)
1. [Complex-valued Vectors](vcomplex.md)
1. [Vector functions that return a scalar (dot product, sum, min, max etc)](vscalarout.md)
1. [Vector relational operators (`==`,`<`,`>`, etc), masks, logical operators (`!`,`&&`,etc) and logical functions (`alltrue`,`anytrue`,`numtrue`,`findtrue`)](vrelational.md)
1. [Access subsets of Vector elements](vsubsets.md)
1. [Vector join operator `(v1,v2)` and `rep` function](vconcatrep.md)
1. [python-like access: negative indices & slices](vslices.md)
1. [Methods `Vector.sort()`, `Vector.uniq()`, `Vector.quniq()`  ](vsort.md)
1. [Vector (pretty) printing](vprint.md)
1. [Taylor series and plotting results in Mathematica](taylor.md)
1. [Taylor series and plotting results in Mathematica](fourier.md)
1. [Vector file I/O](vfile.md)
1. [Vector Debugging (`MEBUG=1`)](vdebug.md)
1. [under the hood—`Vector` definition](vdefinition.md)
