doc/coding-guide/scalars/imaginary/README.md, before:

<h1 style='border: 2px solid; text-align: center'>Mathématiques v3.5.36</h1>

<details>

<summary>User Guide</summary>

# [User Guide](../../../README.md)<br>
1. [About](../../../about/README.md)<br>
2. [License](../../../license/README.md)<br>
3. [Release Notes](../../../release-notes/README.md)<br>
4. [Installation](../../../installation/README.md)<br>
5. [Makefile / Using Mathématiques](../../../using-mathematiques/README.md)<br>
6. [Code Examples](../../../examples/README.md)<br>
7. _Coding Guide / Syntax_ <br>
8. [Benchmarks](../../../benchmarks/README.md)<br>
9. [Tests](../../../test/README.md)<br>
10. [New Feature Plans](../../../feature-schedule/README.md)<br>
11. [Developer Guide](../../../developer-guide/README.md)<br>


</details>



<details>

<summary>Coding Guide / Syntax</summary>

# [7. Coding Guide / Syntax](../../README.md)<br>

7.1. _Scalar Types_ <br>
7.2. [Container Types](../../containers/README.md)<br>
7.3. [User Guide Notation](../../notation/README.md)<br>
7.4. [Operators](../../operators/README.md)<br>
7.5. [Functions](../../functions/README.md)<br>
7.6. [Display of Results](../../display/README.md)<br>
7.7. [Linear Algebra](../../linear-algebra/README.md)<br>
7.8. [FILE I/O](../../file-io/README.md)<br>
7.9. [Debug Modes](../../debug/README.md)<br>


</details>



<details>

<summary>Scalar Types</summary>

# [7.1. Scalar Types](../README.md)<br>
7.1.1. [Reals](../real/README.md)<br>
7.1.2. [Complex numbers](../complex/README.md)<br>
7.1.3. _Imaginary numbers_ <br>
7.1.4. [Quaternions](../quaternion/README.md)<br>


</details>



# 7.1.3. Imaginary numbers



| ⇦ <br />[Complex numbers](../complex/README.md)  | [Scalar Types](../README.md)<br />Imaginary numbers<br /><img width=1000/> | ⇨ <br />[Quaternions](../quaternion/README.md)   |
| ------------ | :-------------------------------: | ------------ |

Commit message:

fixed a minor makefile bug with nomakeclean_.  started Quaternion type

doc/coding-guide/scalars/imaginary/README.md, after:

<h1 style='border: 2px solid; text-align: center'>Mathématiques v3.5.37</h1>

<details>

<summary>User Guide</summary>

# [User Guide](../../../README.md)<br>
1. [About](../../../about/README.md)<br>
2. [License](../../../license/README.md)<br>
3. [Release Notes](../../../release-notes/README.md)<br>
4. [Installation](../../../installation/README.md)<br>
5. [Makefile / Using Mathématiques](../../../using-mathematiques/README.md)<br>
6. [Code Examples](../../../examples/README.md)<br>
7. _Coding Guide / Syntax_ <br>
8. [Benchmarks](../../../benchmarks/README.md)<br>
9. [Tests](../../../test/README.md)<br>
10. [New Feature Plans](../../../feature-schedule/README.md)<br>
11. [Developer Guide](../../../developer-guide/README.md)<br>


</details>



<details>

<summary>Coding Guide / Syntax</summary>

# [7. Coding Guide / Syntax](../../README.md)<br>

7.1. _Scalar Types_ <br>
7.2. [Container Types](../../containers/README.md)<br>
7.3. [User Guide Notation](../../notation/README.md)<br>
7.4. [Operators](../../operators/README.md)<br>
7.5. [Functions](../../functions/README.md)<br>
7.6. [Display of Results](../../display/README.md)<br>
7.7. [Linear Algebra](../../linear-algebra/README.md)<br>
7.8. [FILE I/O](../../file-io/README.md)<br>
7.9. [Debug Modes](../../debug/README.md)<br>


</details>



<details>

<summary>Scalar Types</summary>

# [7.1. Scalar Types](../README.md)<br>
7.1.1. [Reals](../real/README.md)<br>
7.1.2. [Complex numbers](../complex/README.md)<br>
7.1.3. _Imaginary numbers_ <br>
7.1.4. [Quaternions](../quaternion/README.md)<br>


</details>



# 7.1.3. Imaginary numbers



## Introduction

<br>

## Size of complex numbers
The size of a complex number is simply _twice_ the size of the underlying arithmetic type:


```C++
CHAR_BIT = 8 bits

CHAR_BIT*sizeof(int) = 32 bits
CHAR_BIT*sizeof(complex<int>) = 64 bits

CHAR_BIT*sizeof(double) = 64 bits
CHAR_BIT*sizeof(complex<double>) = 128 bits

CHAR_BIT*sizeof(long double) = 128 bits
CHAR_BIT*sizeof(complex<long double>) = 256 bits

```


| ⇦ <br />[Complex numbers](../complex/README.md)  | [Scalar Types](../README.md)<br />Imaginary numbers<br /><img width=1000/> | ⇨ <br />[Quaternions](../quaternion/README.md)   |
| ------------ | :-------------------------------: | ------------ |
